sun
yes yes yes yes the deputy d iu
very well
testoni
It is as good as it is the case
with the only difference is that here many friends find that state to
same as them
I feel that life itself
and I feel a great responsibility
poster in advance
I am convinced that the law
wants to sensitize people that we are not alone in this way
It's good to find in Egypt that I do not feel alone
there are many hands willing to help
I have always believed that the most important thing on Tuesday
if it is not that you are opening José Ramón
for me, respect is very
I like that this center
I like to respect
I like to travel and meet people
know what is important to be
I like my life
feel free
I like to study where he owns
he said to have well defined goals
which to be practical simplify my life and devote more time to things in the
harrow
I love perseverance very much, and I was not prepared to live my life
what do I want
I think everything is possible, it is only necessary to find the right way and
support for
the manager of aguilé